#### day1

***Please introduce yourself.***

Dear teachers, good morning! It's an honor to participate in today's interview!
My name is x, from ** Province, and I am currently studying software engineering 
at ** University.

During my four years in college, I spent most of my time studying in professional courses, 
with a grade point average of 3.38 and ranking in the top 15% of my major. I have won the
first-class scholarship and the title of Merits Students at the school for three consecutive years.

In terms of personal abilities, I actively completed projects such as fruit recognition models and
information management systems. Through these projects, I have developed my abilities of logical 
thinking, teamwork and coping with setbacks.I also like to write some technical articles on the blog 
platform, and have nearly 300 fans.

In terms of future planning, the university experience made me realize that I have shortcomings in 
scientific research practice. Therefore, I want to use the higher platform of graduate students to 
broaden my horizons and improve my professional abilities. If I am fortunate enough to be admitted 
to **, I will definitely work hard to study basic courses, fill my undergraduate learning gaps, 
and cultivate the basic literacy required for computer science.

---

#### day2

***Can you tell me something about your hometown？***

My hometown is xx County, located in the southeastern part of xx Province and the northeastern 
part of xx City. It is the birthplace of Chinese Hakka culture and has many national intangible cultural 
heritages. xx was also an important starting point for the Central Red Army’s Long March. A large number 
of revolutionaries lived and fought in xx. There are all kinds of Hakka specialties. I love my hometown.
I am very proud to be from xx!

---

#### day3

***Who influence you the most in your family？***

I think the person who has the most influence on me in my family is my grandfather. He is a teacher who 
has taught and educated people for decades. He taught me many principles of life, such as honesty, kindness, 
diligence and responsibility. My father has five brothers and sisters. In that era when supplies were scarce, 
my grandfather not only had to go to work but also farm to support a family. It also made me understand that 
a happy life is the result of hard work, and filial piety comes first.

---

#### day4

***How do you describe your personality?***

I consider myself to be a proactive and responsible person. During my undergraduate studies, I was always able to maintain 
focus and enthusiasm, and constantly pursued knowledge and progress. I am very enterprising and have strong 
self-control. Once I set a goal, I will spare no effort to achieve it. At the same time, I also attach great 
importance to teamwork, am good at communicating with others, and can play my role in the group. I believe 
these traits will help me achieve better academic results during my graduate studies and contribute to the team.

---

#### day5

***Why do you choose this major for your postgraduate study?***


---

#### day6

***What impressed you the most when you were at university?***

---

#### day7

***What do you expect to do in your postgraduate study?***


---

#### day8

***What are the characteristics of a good teacher？***

---

#### day9

***Describe one of the books you have read recently.***

The last book I read is "The Three-Body Problem". The book tells the story of the rise and fall 
of the earth civilization in the universe. The novel involving human history, physics, astronomy, social 
science and philosophy, deeply discusses the humanity from the perspective of science fiction.

I have a strong sense of identification with the protagonist Ye Wenjie in the book. I am inspired by her 
tenacity and wisdom. At the same time, I am also full of expectations and emotions for the Earth Fleet's 
adventure in the universe. These characters and plots gave me a deep understanding of the strength and 
courage of human beings in the face of unknowns and challenges.

---

#### day10

***What is your favourite movie?***

My favourite movie is 'A Touch of Zen', its Chinese name is 侠女， a martial arts film directed by the 
legendary China TW director Hu Jinquan. The film is adapted from the Qing Dynasty writer Pu Songling's 
'Strange Stories in Oriental Society'The film tells the legendary story of a heroine who is brave and 
has superb swordsmanship and fights for justice.This movie holds a special place in my heart because 
it not only showcases the beauty and grandeur of martial arts but also tells a deeply human story of courage, 
loyalty, and sacrifice.The composition and colors of the film are very traditional Chinese.

In conclusion, 'A Touch of Zen' is not just my favourite movie; it's also one of the greatest martial arts films 
ever made.I highly recommend it to anyone who appreciates movie that is both visually stunning and emotionally engaging.